Update known issues (#4352)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/changelog.md

 - Added a new ``Shared`` column to the ``Channels`` table.

### Known Issues

>  - Some known issues related to the new custom, collapsible channel categories feature, such as that the team icon on-click animation is laggy [MM-32198](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-11820).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Some known issues related to the new custom, collapsible channel categories feature, including a laggy team icon on-click animation [MM-32198](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-11820).
```

>  - The server tries to install E20 required plugins on non-E20 installations [MM-32387](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-32387).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The server tries to install E20-required plugins on non-E20 installations [MM-32387](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-32387).
```

 
### Known Issues
 - The Database Schema Version is displayed as 5.30.0 in the About Mattermost modal.
 - Reddit link previews no longer work in Mattermost. This affects older versions too [MM-31899](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-31899).

>  - **Discard Changes** confirmation is not displayed when a System Admin adds people on the **System Roles** System Console page and clicks elsewhere before saving the changes [MM-29927](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-29927).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Discard Changes** confirmation is not displayed when a System Admin adds people on the **System Roles** System Console page, then clicks elsewhere before saving the changes [MM-29927](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-29927).
```
